Hey I'm so this is always the fun part.
So you see a worship
service and like it's crazy.
We got half our churches like kids.
Um, I would say our median age
has gotta be like 17, maybe
not that low, but it's okay.
Um, but I, again, we, we love.
Kids, we love families.
Um, this is a great place to welcome that.
Yes, it's a little bit chaotic,
but I look at that as just kind of
where you, you look at that's life.
I mean, we all do life that way.
So I just, I love it.
So whatever the kids do dismiss, you're
like, wait, there's a lot of seats.
So if you need to move
around, feel comfortable.
Um, one of the things we try to create
here at inspiring hope is a very
casual atmosphere, um, too many times.
And again, this is not,
I'm not gonna anybody else.
This is just how God's really
burdened our heart, who we need to be.
Um, Too many times we think
about religion as some sort of
like rigid structural thing.
And again, for some, that's fine if that's
who you are, but for us, it's like, man,
just let on your hair come as you are.
Honestly, all of us have probably
had some form of just difficult
week or difficult moments.
We come here broken a lot
of times, be real be you.
Um, this is where we're here to
lift each other up, building.
So when I say like casual, like
we, we give five minutes in
the middle of service as kids
transition out for you to hang out.
We don't want you to rush out the
door after service because you just
really want to get out of here.
We want you to hang out.
Cause you're like, Hey man, I
want to talk to this person.
I want to catch up with them
and hear how they're doing.
And like for our team, we get here.
A lot of times our core team gets here
at nine and we circle up and we just,
Hey, what do we need to pray for?
What's been going on.
How can I encourage him?
You know, many times there's usually
somebody, if not multiple people that have
had rough weeks and we're just here to
minister, we're here to love and support.
So as a church, we're going to
continue to be just who we are.
Right.
We're we're not here to make
sure that things go perfect.
Cause I don't think God's
looking for perfection.
That's why he sent us on
Jesus to be perfect for us.
He's looking for honesty and.
That's who we are.
So I want to continue that today.
That's why you heard some testimony today.
I'm going to briefly share
with you a word and a message.
Um, and I'm going to keep it brief.
Most pastors say brief, and the next
thing, you know, 45 minutes later,
but I'm really gonna try to keep this
at 20 minutes so that we can hear
more people share about what God's
done in their life or last year.
Um, but this word faithfulness
has been on my heart and mind
over the last year faithfulness.
And it's like, God reminds me of
this faithfulness faithfulness.
And so today I'm going to give you the
scripture here where we're going to be at.
We're going to be in limitations.
That's a big word limitations,
chapter three, verses 22 through 24.
If you don't have a Bible, it's okay.
We're going to have it behind me.
Um, if you don't have a Bible and you
want one great go to an app store,
um, I use the YouVersion Bible app.
It's one of my favorite Bible apps.
I get so many great, um, uh, Devotionals
out of those, um, the scriptures there.
So you can pull that up if you want
to, but we're going to be reading that
today, but again, this word faithfulness.
So I started looking at it a little
bit more in detail this week.
The word faithful is to remain loyal
and steadfast, consistent and committed,
never giving up, never backing down,
showing up every day, see this past
year I've needed the word faithful.
Um, just thinking back personally,
again, we'll look, get rid of
the ministry side of things.
Think about personally, there's been
some tough circumstances personally
in my life, and I know many of you
have had those same things, right?
Where were things mentally,
physically, spiritually just were
not right, but God was faithful.
And I continue to stay faithful to
what he had called me to, despite
our circumstances at inspiring hope.
When we launched this church, wondering
what God was going to do, how he was
going to reach people, how are we
going to minister to our community?
How are we going to serve our community?
I had no clue in the midst of that.
God was faithful and we were
faithful to speak concerning.
Despite all the unknowns
we have going forward.
And if you haven't been a part
of this church, there's a lot of
unknowns in the next three months.
We're looking for a new facility
because we'll be out of this one.
I don't know where that's going to be.
We're talking about doing some
different things within our community
that are way bigger than who we are.
We don't know how that's going to happen.
Here's the cool part.
God will be faithful.
Sam reminded over and over again.
God's past faithfulness gives me
confidence and God's faithfulness now.
And his faithfulness in the future.
I'm going to say that again.
God's past faithfulness.
Give me constant confidence today of
his presence, present faithfulness
and his future faithfulness.
That is why we are standing here today.
That's why I'm having people share
testimonies, there's power and remembering
because when God has so changed your life.
You have to tell somebody
you have to share it.
And so it was so many of you we've
shared over and over again, how God
has been faithful in our lives, how God
has shown up when nothing else, we, we
didn't know what we were going to do,
but God has shown up and been faithful.
And that is exactly why we're here today.
That's why we exactly, we're
going to continue to move
forward because God is faithful.
And so we see in this text, a couple
different things, but I want to share with
you in this idea of faithful, Is that God
desires to do exceedingly abundantly more
than we can ask or think according to the.
In us, right?
According to the power that works in us,
that's Ephesians chapter three, verse 20.
And because I'm reminded that the God,
in these two words, if you're a teacher
in here, these two are big words,
exceedingly abundantly, more than we
can ask or think that's why everyday
we go into prayer and we say, Lord, we
ask that you do exceedingly abundantly.
We're really just praying scripture
of what he's already promised.
Exceedingly abundantly more than we
can ask or think through the work
that you plan to do through us.
And.
So God desires to be more and the
lie, our lives and this, our city as
we move forward in the days ahead.
And so I want to wanted to
share this as we move forward.
My challenge is to remain faithful.
Because God is always faithful.
So let's read these verses together.
Again, limitations, chapter
three, verses 23 through 24.
It says this because of
the Lord's faithful love.
We do not perish for his mercies.
Never end they're new every morning.
Great.
Is your faithfulness?
I say the Lord is my portion.
Therefore, I will put my hope.
See, we see God's faithful, love and
mercy because of God's faithful love.
We will not perish.
So sort of looking at
this, God is faithful.
Why is God faithful?
Because of his sacrificial love.
He did everything for us.
We didn't have to do anything,
guided everything for us to extend
his love and his mercy to us.
What is mercy not giving
us what we deserve.
Now giving us what we deserve.
What do we decide?
Well, I've mentioned this early.
We usually come in here broken people.
That isn't mean like we're bad people
in the fact of like, we're useless,
but broken means that we, we are
mending we're consistently healing.
We're consistently.
Really, as I would say, challenging each
other to, to really just, I would say
deal with what we have a lot of times
the difficult situations and in the
midst of that brokenness God's mercy is
present, which means rather than judging
us for that condition, he actually
comes to save us from that condition.
And that's the one thing we talk
about, God, God is not a God.
That's just sitting here angry and mad.
God is a God of love.
And mercy, the desires for you to know
him and know his patience and his peace
and his love and his grace and his mercy
and everything that he gifts to us.
So God's faithfulness never ends.
So when I ask this question, if you
have kids, if you don't, you probably
remember this as a kid, do you give your
kids mercy or did your parents ever give
you mercy when you did something wrong?
Which means they didn't
give you what you deserve.
Punishment.
Anybody you may have grown up with
parents that just never gave you mercy.
But I know this, that,
because I love my kids.
There's times where I extend mercy.
See, here's the cool part.
There's not a time where God
doesn't extend mercy to us
when we recognize our need for.
He extends it over and
over and over again.
And this is what this verse says
because of his faithful love.
We will not perish for his mercies.
Never end God has never changed.
This is the cool part, guys.
God has never changed from the beginning.
God created us because he desired
to have a relationship with us.
In the beginning, there
was a perfect relationship.
God desired for that to continue
forever and ever, and ever
until it was broken by all.
Sin by our brokenness.
And here's what God did.
God, didn't just leave us
in that brokenness and say,
Hey, I'm done with you.
Here's what he said.
I still desire to have
a relationship with you.
So I'm going to do anything I can to
mend that relationship so that you
can have a relationship with me again.
See, that's beautiful because
God's mercies extend forever.
So God loved us so much
that he sent his son Jesus.
And so I sit here and think about this
over this past year, myself, uh, many of
us can look back knowing without God's
faithful, love and mercy, we would have.
As a church and as individuals, but
because, because God has been faithful
and because God has extended his mercy,
we have been able to be successful.
Not that it was easy.
We talked about this this morning
as a group at nine o'clock.
There's actually been a lot
of difficult situations.
And a lot of our families, it's not been
easy as a church to minister the way we
would want to in the community, but God
has been faithful because see that next
first, when I started hearing started
thinking, so what about God going forward?
As well.
And then I looked at verse 23 and I'm
just going to kind of reverse 22 into
23, says for his mercies, never end.
They are new every morning.
Great.
Is your faithfulness.
So God's faithfulness is
given to us every single day.
Here's another great question.
Anybody here needed a great
night arrest, just knowing I just
needed a great night of rest.
That tomorrow will be.
You all have had those bad days,
just get me to bed because I
need tomorrow to happen today.
It needs to be over.
See, this is the cool part with God.
Every day, every day, God's mercies are
new and given to us they're new every
morning and they don't run out God over
and over again, meets us at our worst.
He picks us up.
He does us off and he says, I choose you.
I choose you every morning.
That's what God does when
he extends his mercy.
See great is his faithfulness.
God's mercy never runs out.
And that challenges me every day.
So even, and you guys know you've
heard this song before, and if I
had a good voice at all, I would
sing it, but I'm not going to.
So I'm just going to
read some of the lyrics.
This is what I was reminding myself up.
So even when I don't see it, he's
working, even when I don't feel it
he's working, he never gives up.
Never lets us down.
Yes, God will be with us in the future.
Yes, God.
With his great faithfulness
will continue to be with us.
So here's the question.
Where do we go from here as a church?
What's our next step as a church.
And I love how this, this verse, this
next verse really points us as a church
and as individuals to go forward.
This is what he says in verse 24.
He says, I say, the Lord is my portion.
Therefore, I will put my hope in.
What does the word portion mean?
It really means inheritance
the Lord is my inheritance.
So those of us that have a hope in
Jesus can go forward saying no matter
what lies before us, our inheritance
is in Jesus, everything he has.
Let me just share with you some of the
things that Jesus has that we get to
inherit as sons and daughters of Jesus.
Hope, love, peace, mercy,
grace, forgiveness, heaven,
friendships, community.
Over and over again, God
continues to give this to us.
As we put our hope in him, we cannot
put our hope in worldly things.
Here's what I'll guarantee
to tell you this.
Every single time that I try to put my
hope in money, it seems like I have less.
I'm just telling you I
do every single time.
I want to put my hope in my health.
There is no guarantee because tomorrow
that can change every time I want
to put my hope in everything that
I can do and work as hard as I can.
I'm telling you guys, I'm a hard worker.
I love to work.
I love tasks.
I love being able to put everything
in my control and every single time.
It lets me down.
Eventually it lets me down.
But with Jesus, if I put my hope in him
and if we do as a church, put our hope
in him, we will inherit what he has.
He has experienced eternity with God.
And he has promised that with us, but
he's also experienced, this is the guest.
I'm just telling you this
challenges me every day.
I want you to go to heaven
one day and that's that.
I want to continue to tell you this.
If you put your faith and hope in
Jesus, you will go to heaven one day,
but it's, there's so much more we're
missing about the presence of God.
Now, now God is so changed my life.
Now.
That's why I'm crazy enough to
move to Ohio, to start a church.
I'm just being honest.
I mean, like there would've
been no other reason to be here.
That doesn't mean I don't
like y'all I really do.
I mean, God's so changed my life
that he actually says, like,
he's put in my heart that really,
this more than like, I love you.
And you may say, oh, I'm new here today.
You don't know how much
I've been praying for you.
Oh, God, I prayed and prayed.
And here's what we, we prayed.
We say, God do not send us from here.
We were in Oklahoma.
This is before we knew we were
even coming to Cincinnati.
We said, God, do not send us if
your presence doesn't go before us.
Because if your presence
doesn't go, we don't want to go.
No, we're not going.
And here's what God did.
He promised his presence and we would
take another step of faith and he promised
his presence in that step and hit.
It was amazing to see that.
Eh, there was not an easy path.
It was usually steps of faith and knowing,
I don't know what you're doing, God.
And then God would show up and then
there'd be something else that would
show up and we'd be like, what?
God, can you move here?
And here's what he would say.
Do you trust me here?
And this is the something that I shared
with Brittany recently, as we're continued
to walk through things, it's we got
here and it's still not been easy.
She was asking just why this and
why that, and I just said, well,
maybe this is what God's saying.
Do you trust.
Do you trust me in, in this
area of your life and over and
over again, we have to say yes.
And every single time we do, God shows up
over and over again, over and over again.
Here's what I know I've been.
And again, if you haven't been here
lately, but I've been completely honest
with you guys lately about this idea of
struggle over control, going forward for
inspiring hope, because I love control.
I love knowing the future.
But I've come to realize I don't,
because I do know, I don't know the
feature, but the one that I do know in
Jesus does, and he's never let me down.
So going forward, this
is what this verse says.
He says, the Lord is my
portion or my inheritance.
Therefore I will put my hope in him.
Here's my challenge.
As a church, we will, we will put
our hope in Jesus going forward.
No one else.
I'll tell you this.
We have a very gifted group of people
in this church that love Jesus that
serve amazingly, but I'm not even
putting my hope in their talents.
I'm putting my hope and the faith
that they have in Jesus, because
that is the reason why we are here.
That is the reason why we
are doing what we're doing.
And that's why I'll stay in here
every day in everything that I
do and say it's because of Jesus,
because Jesus has so changed.
I have to remember that
God's word is truth.
That God has been faithful in the past,
and he's been faithful in the past.
He'll be faithful.
Now he'll be faithful in the future.
My hope is in Jesus because he has
changed my life and he has been faithful.
And I started thinking about this,
and again, this is another song I'm
going to kind of sing it a little bit
different way, and I'm not going to sing.
I'm actually just to share the words
cause my voice would be horrible.
Great is God's faithfulness
greatest his faithfulness
morning by morning, his mercies.
All I have needed is his hand
has provided great is his
faithfulness to me and to you.
Why can I stay in here and say
that God is faithful, that God
will continue to be faithful?
Why?
Because all the things
that God has prepared.
So I want to just briefly share my
part of celebrating what God has done.
And then I'm going to let more of you
share today because I want you guys to.
What God has done.
We share our testimonies because we
want to give glory to God, but we also
want to be reminded ourselves what God
has done and what he's going to do.
How can I stay in here?
Because God has shown
up in our family's life.
This journey for us did start
more than just a year ago.
It started really in 2018, when we
had a spiritual discontent, what I
would say this has God was moving in
our lives, but we didn't want to move.
It was a life of change where it was
difficult to process that we could
do anything different than what
we were doing in Oklahoma, but God
was throwing us and he says, okay,
You, you have something different.
How do you, so what do we do?
We started just praying Lord
rebuilt, where we would go.
And so that was 2019 for us.
God, where do you want us to go?
And it was, we came to Cincinnati
and goddess Drew's to this area,
and then we were drawn to Hamilton.
And I remember in that moment telling our
church and looking and saying, we just
said, we're going to go plant a church.
And we have zero funding.
We just bought a house eight months ago.
We have nobody going with us.
We don't know how this is going to work.
And here's what God said.
Do you trust.
And we did we trust the
God we move forward.
You would think that guy would have
just shown up, but no, it's early August
of 2019, we still have no funding.
Our house still hasn't sold.
We haven't passed assessment to become
church planners and we're supposed
to be in Cincinnati in four months.
What do we do?
Do we trust God there?
And here's what God did.
God showed up.
He sold our house.
We passed assessment.
We raised the first portion of our funding
to get here to, we had to raise funds and
we showed up here day after Christmas.
Saying.
Okay.
2019, here we go.
We're going to go into 2020
and y'all know what happened.
2020 showed up and here's what God said.
Do you trust me here?
I remember in the middle of a lockdown,
we're going, what the heck are we doing?
What are we doing?
And here was the cool part in the middle
of a pandemic basically is this started.
We have a family from Oklahoma that
said, Hey, we're moving out here.
Riley had already said
she was coming out here.
And we're like, okay, we got 10.
And you know what we did the Lord.
We're like, 10 is not enough.
You guys know that ocean's
11 moment where he looks over
and he says, do we need more?
Do we need one more?
I think we need one more.
We were like, we need
lot more than this Lord.
And so what did the Lord
do slowly over time?
In 2020, he began to add one family.
After another, after another, we began
meeting our home to a point of our home
was full of kids and you guys know summer.
And a lot of kids, there was a lot
of stank going on in our basement.
We had to really sanitize it down.
All I say to that as God was faithful,
but then we got to the end of 2, 20,
20, 20, and we said, okay, it's 2021.
We're going to go launch this church.
Let's go.
Obviously it was the first three weeks.
Into 2021.
We were all quarantine with COVID
over three weeks, three weeks.
We didn't get to meet.
We met online.
Okay.
God, what are you doing?
God was faithful.
I remember when I called each one
of our core team members and I
said, I sensed that God has told
me this morning that we need to go.
It's time to go.
We have two months before Easter.
Let's try to figure this out.
This space was unfair.
We had to get the, the, we
actually, I don't even know if
we had a space guaranteed yet.
We didn't have a space guaranteed.
We got the space guaranteed.
Basically at that point, we got the
floors, finished, the walls done.
We hung up a couple of things.
We got some things ordered and
we came up here and started
Easter Sunday, figured it out.
But then we started saying, oh
God, what are you gonna do now?
You know, there's only 30 of us
and slowly grabbing an ad people.
I say all this to say, I'm going to
stop with that story there because
there's more, people's going to share.
What's happened over the last year.
God has been faithful.
That word will continue to
go with me into this year.
God has shown up over and over again.
And you guys are part
of God's faithfulness.
I know that you may be a guest
in this room and you're sitting
there going what I'm a part of.
God's say absolutely because I prayed
for you because many people prayed for
you to be a part of what God's doing
in the city to transform the city, to
show the love of Jesus, to serve and
to show them who God is like, God.
And I'm so glad that we've got to be a
part of this and going forward that we're
going to continue to be a part of this.
So God's faithfulness in the past gives me
the confidence of his faithfulness today
and the faithfulness and the feature.
And I want to continue to celebrate
what God's over the last year, by
giving more people the opportunity to
share what God's done in their life.
So I've asked my wife to start us off.
Um, and again, we're going to go for about
as long as everybody wants to share mine.
I told her this earlier.
Um, here's my goal today, guys,
every single time that you give
a testimony, this is really just
giving your breath back to God.
It's really just recognizing what
God's done in your life, what
God has done through our church.
Um, and so as you guys share, uh,
my encouragement share for one to
two minutes, if you just get on a
rant and go for 10, just ask for
forgiveness up front when you share.
Okay.
But we're gonna try to keep this
one to two minutes and we'll go as
long as everybody's done Sharon,
and then, um, we'll finish up.
So go ahead.
Hey, he didn't ask me to
go first, but it's fine.
Um, so, um, Ben kind of settled and
so I was like, what did he not say?
Um, but, uh, whenever I was thinking
about what I wanted to share today, um,
I was thinking just about a couple of
highlights through there's so much guys.
So, um, the things that
came to mind were, um, and.
The coolest things that we've seen is
we've seen two couples, husband, and
wife both give their lives to Jesus.
And, um, that's been really cool.
Um, and then, uh, back in September,
um, well, even before that, but
back in September, um, I started a
discipleship group for our women, our
core team, um, ladies and the Lord
had been pressing that on my heart.
Um, Hey, we, I mean, that is what our
Christian walks are about is being like
being discipled and discipling others.
Um, and so he really
pressed that on my heart.
And I was like, no, God, I
don't have time for that.
I have four kids, like a homeschool,
like we're planting this church.
Like just, I don't have time for that.
And then God said I was willing
to do because I created time.
Um, and so I was obedient to that started
this discipleship group and it has been.
Oh, man, it's been so good.
Um, it's just a group of
ladies that come together.
Um, we share, um, life, we
get into God's word together.
Um, just.
It's just so good.
So I'm saying all that to say that is
the future of inspiring hope as well.
Um, we started, I started with, um,
our, our core team ladies, but that's
what we want to eventually do is to
start that, um, throughout our whole,
um, congregation, um, our men have a
discipleship group going right now to,
um, and then as it is a commitment, like.
Meet for a year every week.
Um, if you can, and, um, so much growth.
And then after the year, all of the
ladies are supposed to like break off
and start new groups and, um, yes, it's
to hang out and that's so much fun,
but also, um, just to grow in Christ.
And so it's so good.
And so, um, that is probably one
of my favorite memories from this.
Awesome.
I'm just going to kind of work
my way back for people who've
already committed to get share.
And then after that more can share.
So I'll have you guys go ahead and share.
So I told him, let me standing up.
I thought we weren't standing up.
Okay.
We're standing up.
I told him that I wasn't going to share it
cause I'm always the one that talks, but
I'm just going to quickly say one thing.
Um, so a lot of, you know, our
story, um, I've been battling cancer
for the last year, suffered two
miscarriages right before the cancer.
It's actually what led
me to finding the cancer.
Um, and so when we talk about all
the amazing things that God has done
this year, it's not in the presence
or with the absence of bad things.
And we were telling, we were
talking to a couple of friends.
Um, another woman that I met in
chemo, uh, just about the story and
what we were doing with the church.
And she was like, how the
heck are you guys doing that?
Like church stuff while you're like this.
And I said, I couldn't
have done this with.
That, um, and that's such a different
way to be thinking about life, because
I think so often we try to hold our
time and hold precious our gifts and our
talents and every moment, and we have
to, you know, sometimes we'll let God
in and we'll let God take a little piece
of it if we have enough time leftover.
Um, but when you flip that
script, It's just really cool.
And there's really cool things
that God does through that.
And so just want to encourage
anyone who's feeling weary.
Who's feeling tired.
Who's feeling like I really didn't want to
have to get up early on a Sunday morning
to go to church, um, or is thinking, wow,
like that sounds like there's a lot, um,
Those are the things that make life worth
living and God shows up in those moments.
And so I just want to praise God
for this church in this community.
I'm celebrating my one year
diagnosis of cancer in four days.
And so it's a, a bittersweet for us.
Um, but so excited that
we get to be here today.
Um, and so I'll start.
So I think to, to kind of expand on,
on what Amanda's talking about, um,
just the one thing that you, you were
talking about that it just way has been
weighing on my heart the last few years.
It's just being intentional and, um,
not just letting things happen, you
know, but making decisions, um, And,
you know, there's just in the early
days, you know, even before we, uh,
committed to, to Ben and Brittany to
come out and plant, um, that was, that
was something that was on our hearts.
Um, that was something that, that
we, we were kind of yearning for it.
We were kind of yearning for that
in a church, um, as well as just
trying to explore that in our lives.
Um, Uh, with, with the Lord.
And, um, we kinda, we kinda hit, uh, 2020.
And I think we, I mean, just like
everybody, we were shell shocked and it
caused us to start to reevaluate a lot of
things that were going on in our lives.
Um, a lot of our values, the things
that we, uh, wanted desired did.
And, um, one of the big things
that we realized was that, that
the church that we were at it was.
Uh, w we felt like God was
stirring something in our hearts,
um, that we weren't finding
at the church that we were at.
And we realized, um, and particularly
for me, I realized that, um, you know,
when, when God is calling you out, Even
if it's difficult, no matter what it is,
if it's moving, if it's a job, if it's
house, um, he gives you peace about it.
And I think he creates unsettlement in
our hearts too, when we're not there.
Um, as like the impetus, the energy
to get us moving in that direction.
And we really felt that, um, and
right around that same time, we were
starting to get to know the main rooms.
Um, We had like a, just a, a zoom date.
You know, we were sitting on our patio,
um, one of the first, really nice
days of spring 2020, and we just kinda
chatted with Ben and Brittany, you know,
kind of learn a little bit about their
hearts and what they were all about.
Um, and.
It was infectious that kind of their,
their drive, their desire for the Lord.
Um, and some of the things that
they were talking about were
already things that God had pricked
our hearts to move forward with.
Um, and so, you know, even that day,
you know, I think Amanda and I were
like, well, Hey, this could be cool.
This is like, you know, maybe this is
the magnet that God is pulling us out
from where we were to something greater.
Um, and then over the course
of that year, we got to know.
You know, we, we joined the team.
Um, and specifically, um, in those
early days, there were a lot of things
that we had to be intentional about.
We realized this is brand new.
Um, this is not something
that is created for us.
You know, when you, when you join
a church, you know, and it's been
going for 30 years, you're joining.
You know, a group that's been together
for 30 years, there's culture there,
you know, there's people, you know,
there's relationships there there's,
you know, stuff is set in motion.
Um, you know, the way that the
service works, it's all been decided.
And.
Somebody had to do some of the
deciding and we realized early on
like, wait, that's us now, we've
got to start making decisions
and being intentional about this.
Um, and one of the things that we
really wanted to be intentional
about was creating a culture of, of
discipleship, but you know, a culture
that, uh, It's about people, you
know, because God is about people.
Why isn't the church about people?
You know, so often I feel like, and when
we've lived this too, not necessarily
recently, but I think we all kind
of know culturally or, or generally,
you know, the church is not really
known for its missional work anymore.
Like it's not really known for like
how it embraces people anymore.
Um, I think Ben Ben talks about like,
he would rather the church be known for.
Um, rather than what it's against.
And I think there's a lot of that
friction, uh, that we get from pop
culture nowadays, where the church is
known for its friction, rather than
for its fluid fluidity of loving and
accepting and bringing people to,
to know the Lord in a deeper way.
Um, and early on, we, we really
just, uh, realized that was
something that we desired for church.
Um, and you know what,
it might look different.
You know, um, you know,
the Bible talks about that.
The church is set apart that as
Christians we're set apart and
that does look different, it
looks different in the world.
And I think when churches are
really following that and pursuing
after that, that looks different
to, um, you know, it's radical.
It's maybe a little weird and you
know, if people slice it right down the
middle, it might look stupid because
it means that you do some things.
That other churches don't do that.
Other groups don't do, like
make you talk to each other for
five minutes between service.
Yeah.
So even, even that, that
was built into our service.
That was something that we decided
early on that we wanted to do, because
we we'd experienced that before.
And if, you know, as a introvert,
people were like, this is uncomfortable.
This is maybe stupid.
Yeah.
Um, But we grew from that.
We grew in our relationships
with other people.
Um, we grew in our, our relationships
with the Lord by seeing how other
people were living their lives.
And, um, you know, when they were excited,
you know, about, about their walk with
the Lord, uh, when they were grieving,
we got, got moments to like, you know,
just check in and, and grieve with them
for just a moment before, before service.
And, and that was huge.
And that th that's something
that we were intentional about.
Um, So all of this was going on.
We had several meetings as
a, as a core team early on.
And in one of those meetings, this
just all came out like a flood.
We were talking about culture, what we
wanted, the decisions that we had to make.
And, um, I tend to speak off, off the
cuff and, uh, tend to go a little longer.
So, uh, I just said, you know what?
I really want to be a
church that looks that way.
That is different in those ways.
That is different in all the good
ways, you know, without sacrificing
the core values of, of who we are
being disciples, um, and disciplers.
Yeah.
You know, leaning into the Lord, um,
pursuing after him and pursuing people,
uh, because he's called us to do that.
And I said, I don't want to be a church
that looks stupidly radically weird.
And so this year has been the.
Of inspiring hope, living
stupidly, radically weird.
You guys didn't realize that
that was what was going on.
Uh, but I promise we're going to be
less stupid, but we're going to be just
as radically weird in the coming year.
Um, but as you guys are leaving, we
have a small gift for you that, um,
hopefully clarifies a little bit of this.
It gives you, um, uh,
kind of just, uh, another.
Way to experience, um, a little bit
of what we've experienced this year
as a reminder, um, that the future is
what, you know, God has planned for us.
Um, but that we're not just walking
through it without taking a part in it.
Um, you know, there's still a lot
of things left to do, um, Yeah.
I mean, again, like Ben frequently
says, you know, if we're not dead,
God still has a plan for you.
And, uh, it's just exciting that
we get to walk into this next year.
Um, you know, walking into it and, you
know, leaning in yearning for the Lord,
um, and yearning for what he has for us.
You guys want to go ahead and go next.
Whoever's going.
If you want to, you can come up or
you can stay in where your head.
I don't really.
It's up to you guys.
Okay.
I'm Lauren.
This is my husband, Brian, and
we've been a part of this church.
Five months.
So you've heard about that
terrible October rainy fall Fest.
I think it was thrown for us personally.
And thank you for that.
Um, we were there with maybe two
other families, um, but we came
to this church because of a fall
Fest and the faith of a child.
So Ben's oldest Peyton dances
with my daughter, Carly, and she
invited her over and over again.
And we showed up at that fall
Fest and it was rainy, but we left
knowing people, people knew us and.
Peyton kept asking.
And one Sunday morning,
we're like, okay, we'll go.
And we've been here every
Sunday that we could.
Um, so we're thankful for community.
Um, we've accepted salvation.
Our children have accepted salvation.
We've been baptized.
Um, so we're, we're grateful,
but I will say if you're looking
for community, this is the place.
And I was reading a devotional yesterday.
Um, and it was called made
for more, but it says the
community centered around Jesus.
The church is intended to be authentic
and with authenticity comes honesty,
the easy kind and the hard kind.
Um, and that's what we've found here.
So I originally wasn't going to
share anything, but then after
hearing a couple other people, I
decided I was going to, and you have.
I think it was Jason and Christina,
she said at first, you know, she was
okay with Justin, the lukewarmness
and I was okay with just being okay.
It was my time.
It was my way.
I like being in control.
I like knowing what's going to
happen and making the decisions.
And then there was one day,
you know, I woke up and it was.
I felt different.
I felt inspired.
I felt hopeful.
And I just kind of pushed me aside
and said, okay, Lord lead me.
And.
That's when everything changed and I
accepted salvation and I wasn't okay
with just being okay and living for
myself or trying to direct the kids,
those that, and trying to lead the kids
and to be a better husband and father.
And everyone has mentioned community.
We did the church hopping.
We had settled on another church
a couple of weeks before COVID
had hit and shut everything down.
And then we didn't go for a long time.
And then that rainy October day, we found.
Our people, we found the
sense of community that we had
been looking for everywhere.
If you go somewhere else, if you
don't go anywhere else, if you haven't
been in a long time, come back.
This is the place where the community is.
Everyone here has meant something
to us in every way possible.
Noah, you said you want to share.
Yeah.
So my name's Noah, um, I've been
here, I guess it was, I feel it was
one week before the Easter service.
So about a year now, I guess, a little
over a year, but, uh, I just wanted
to share about how I go to Orville
and Laura's, uh, Tuesday night group.
And the community, there has been
something I have enjoyed so much
more than I thought I ever would.
It has helped me more
than I thought it would.
More than just any other Wednesday
night group I thought I'd ever go to.
And it's just been,
they've been so caring.
It has, uh, they've helped me when
I was very, I was far down just.
From different circumstances that
happened in my life, just they
have, they helped me, I don't know,
get back, started following God
again, and just really brought me
back up spiritually and mentally.
And so it was just that, and this church
has the, as everyone keeps saying the
community here, it's just something that
is so good that I have loved thoroughly.
And it has helped me a lot
more than I ever thought.
Awesome.
Elisa.
You're coming.
Okay.
You and Doug?
Awesome.
My name is Alisa.
I don't like microphones.
Um, this is Doug.
My husband.
We've been coming to inspiring hope since.
I don't, I think it's November
20, 20, I think maybe October.
I can't remember.
Um, but it's been amazing and the
community is great, but I wrote down
what I was going to say, because
I usually black out when I get a
microphone, because I'm so nervous.
So I'm going to say the words on my phone.
All right.
Okay.
So.
Preface, um, inspiring hope is
wonderful community and that's
great, but they personally, when I
thought, what do I want to talk about?
What is different about my life
this year versus the year before?
Um, they have challenged me.
So like that word that I was
challenged is what came to mind.
And so I have been so
challenged by inspiring hope.
We have been challenged, my
kids have been challenged.
Um, and so these are some
scriptures that came to mind.
The word of God is a lamp to my feet.
To my path, Psalm one 19 inspiring hope
church has challenged me to actually
prioritize, spending time in the word
and letting his word be my guide.
Be a doer of the word, not hearers
only James 1 22 inspiring hope
church has challenged me to allow
God's word to change me in really.
And then to physically do something
with that to set the Lord always before
me, because he is at my right hand.
I shall not be shaken.
So I'm 16, eight.
I'm still working on this one, but I have
been more aware of my need to seek Jesus.
And in the middle and after, and
always to spend time in prayer and
to attempt to always set him before.
Whoever abides in Christ and lets Christ
abide in him will bear much fruit because
apart from Christ, we can do nothing.
John 15 five, it's good to read the
word of God and to let you guide and
to let it guide you and to change you,
it's good to have the head knowledge
of who Christ is and what he's done.
It's good to be a doer of the word,
all that is truly great, but because
of inspiring hope, challenging me
to do all those things challenging
my family, my husband, my children.
To do all those things.
I feel like I've experienced more
of this abiding relationship with
Jesus and that's been very good.
He doesn't like to talk.
Normally it would be Orval and
Laura, Laura is out sick today.
So we prayed for her.
Laura.
You're probably watching online.
I know you would share, but
we're going to let Orville fill
the gap for both of y'all today.
So don't let her down.
It's Sunday.
She's got to forgive me if I let her do.
So, yeah, I'm horrible.
Um, this is my wife, Laura.
Usually she does all the talking,
but today it's going to be me.
Um, she actually did give me something
to say in text form so that I don't
screw it up because otherwise I
would, I just forget a whole bunch.
I don't remember a whole lot, not
because I'm old, just that's how I am.
Uh, and, uh, last.
Talking about not remembering, I don't
remember a whole lot about last year,
but the things I do remember are,
um, we've been doing our group that
Noah's come to, I didn't want to do it.
Um, and Laura was like, this would be fun.
And I'm like, Hmm, not really.
Um, but one of the reasons we got the
house that we got was because we wanted
to host people and I say, we mostly her,
but I thought, yes, this is a good idea.
And not just like have parties,
like actually have conversations
about Christ with people, neighbors.
So when the opportunity came along
and she was like, let's do this.
I was like, well, that
was kind of the idea.
I can't say no.
Right.
That would kind of be hypocritical.
So I did it and every Wednesday
comes around and I'm working
and it's like three o'clock.
I haven't been preparing anything the
rest of the week, Ben sends over some
questions and I'm like, all right, I'm
not going to get to look these over.
Um, and I just wing it every single week.
And to hear Noah say, like, this has
actually changed, my life is amazing for
me because I didn't do any of that work.
That was all other people.
Laura got the house clean with the kids.
Ben sent a request.
I showed up and I looked pretty.
Um, and any work that gets
done there, that's all Christ.
So that's amazing for me to
that's my takeaway from that.
Um, but also.
The bare minimum that you give
Christ, he can do wonders with it.
Um, and now this year I'm
thinking, what do I do this year?
What if I did put some
actual effort into it?
Right.
Maybe he'd do even more
amazing things with that.
Um, so I had to say my thing
first, because her is, is far more
spiritual and probably impactful.
So this is.
Laura is one of the, say it to you.
So when I say I, it's not me, it's her.
Um, so this past year
I've seen life change.
I've seen people grow in their faith.
I've seen people rally around
each other in their struggles.
I've seen mountains move since saying
yes to inspiring hope church in
July of 2020, God has continuously
grown my faith, my understanding
of his word and my confidence.
Uh, without Jesus moving in my life
over these last few years, I would have
missed many opportunities to put my yes.
On the table.
The opportunity to plant a
church, the further his kingdom.
Yes.
The opportunity to help plan
details of the children's ministry.
Yes.
The opportunity to start a small group.
The opportunity to lead worship.
Whoa, sweaty palms.
But yes, the opportunity to grow
in Christ through the discipleship.
Yes.
The opportunity to direct a VBS.
The opportunity to surrender to ministry.
Yes.
God has continued to teach me
to release control over my life
and the ideas I had for it.
Ooh, there's more, let me
click the read more button.
It's streaming.
Uh, God has continued to teach
me to release control over my
life and the ideas I had for it
and to trust and abide in him.
My love for Jesus has grown deeper.
My marriage has grown stronger.
My kids, well, they're still kids, but
they've gotten to see their mom grow and
what a Testament for them to be able to
have front row seats to what Jesus can do.
And so.
This coming year.
I cannot wait to see where God takes us.
I know that if we continue to put
our yes on the table, he will give
us more opportunities to serve more
opportunities, to glorify him and more
opportunities to grow his kingdom.
I'm excited for VBS kids, camps,
mission teams, new locations.
I know that God is going to continue
moving mountains so that we can continue
to do the job he has called us to do.
We get to live inspired.
We get to share the hope of Jesus
with others, and I'm thankful
I get to do it with all of you.
Happy one year anniversary, inspire hope.
Yeah,
thanks Laura, for sharing
that through Orville.
So this is the part where I
know many of you are like, Hey,
I'm ready to run out of here.
If you did not tell me you want to share.
If you're a guest today and you want to
share, this is an opportunity to stand
up where you are and you can share.
So if you want to, you
can raise your hand.
If you don't want to share, I'm not
forcing anybody, but it's an opportunity.
So.
Last chance anybody else want to share?
You want to share?
Okay, good.
You just stand over there and share.
Go for it.
This is great.
Well, first I have new say
hi to my friend, Lauren.
Because she's home and I miss her today,
but I wanted to thank you, uh, for, uh,
you know, when Noah said he wanted to come
to this church, I initially as Todd and
I, we were initially like, oh, he goes,
you know, he's goes for his mom and dad,
you know, but it was such a blessing that
he wanted to do his church on his own.
And you've been such a blessing.
Uh, Matt was such a blessing at camp.
That was Noah reminded me.
Cause just last week I said, ah, I
don't think I want to go to youth camp.
Cause it's, it's a thing that's
coming up and thinking about going.
And I'm like, I just don't think
I really want to go and do that.
He's like, you know, mom, Matt
didn't want to go and look what a
blessing he wanted to be into me.
And.
I know, uh, you know, like I'll pray
about it, I guess, you know, it was like,
jeez, but I just thought that was anyways.
I just thank you all
for pouring in to Noah.
And as has his parents, we are so thankful
and Orville you and Laura are a blessing
and we do thank you both for that.
And so.
R and he loves you kids.
He talks about you guys.
He talks about all of you
and he comes home and shares
everything, the testimonies.
And so I just thank you all for that.
Cool.
Awesome.
All right.
Does anybody else want to share again?
That's your opportunity once.
Going twice.
Okay.
All right.
So here's how we're going to sh uh,
in today, um, we're going to end
today just praying for our community
and for the future of inspiring hope.
And so, um, after we do that,
we're going to end it with
worship and then, um, dismiss.
Um, but here here's my challenge to you.
It's your first time to, if this is
your thousand time at this point,
you've been with us that long.
Um, I believe this, and this
is why we started this church.
We believe guys called
us to start this church.
God wants to do something in
and through each one of you.
I've said this so many times, and
I hope if you've heard it a million
times, you're you're now tired of
it, but that means you've got it.
There is someone waiting on you
on the other side of your yes.
This year coming up.
I don't care if you're a part
of inspiring hope or not.
You're a part of a school
you're part of something else.
God is ready to use you to impact
the lives of someone else that
challenges me to leave out of here
saying, yes, God, I believe you.
I trust you.
And you begin to discover that, right.
We're here to help you discover
God's purpose in your life,
through relationship with Jesus.
We'd love to talk to you more
about that after service.
If you have questions.
Thank you so much for being part of
this, but I'm going to leave some prayer.
You guys can pray alongside me and
praying for again, our community,
the future of inspiring hope, the
things that we have ahead of us.
Um, God hears prayers.
You guys aren't answer to the
prayers that we prayed so long ago.
So that's why we're going to pray today
for those who will show up in the future.
So let's pray, Lord Jesus.
We know that you are so
important in our lives.
You are the reason why we're here.
You're the reason why we
have planted this church.
And there, you're the reason why
we're going into the next year
Lord with probably more questions
than we have answers, but we
know that you will be faithful.
So Lord, we're praying for that.
We're praying for the next location Lord,
where we'll meet in the next three months.
Um, after this next three
months, Lord, I don't know.
Uh, Lord, I don't know what person
will walk back into the store that
came today or what person to walk in
the door next week or a month from now
or a year from now, but what you do.
And because of that, Lord, I pray
that we, each one of us comes
prepared each week to minister
that person to love on that person.
Lord, I don't know who you're gonna
bring into our lives in our job.
Or in our community when we're
out around our neighbors, Lord,
I don't know who you're going to
bring in our lives, but you do Lord.
And because of that Lord today, we can
pray knowing that you can prepare our
hearts, our minds, our lives Lord, to
receive that person to love on them, where
they are in the midst of their brokenness
Lord in the midst of their lives.
Lord, I pray that we are
preparing our hearts now to say
yes or the challenges ahead.
We know there will be challenges,
Lord, but here's the cool part.
You've never promised.
To remove those challenges,
but you promised your
presence in the midst of them.
Lord, that's the hope that we
have Lord, those who don't have a
relationship with you, Lord, the
hope that they have is in themselves.
And at times, Lord, that's
going to continue to fail them.
And that's not a knock on them Lord,
but that's just more of a reminder Lord
that each one of us needs to the Lord
in the days ahead, when each one of us
hits Lord of tough part in our life,
Lord, and really those of us that are
currently in that Lord, you are present.
You're present.
Well, help us provide peace
in the midst of chaos.
Hope in the midst of uncertainty love
in the midst of filling unlovable
forgiveness in the midst of filling
unforgivable God, your presence
means so much to us in the future.
So we are praying the Lord in
the days ahead that we go, that
your presence goes with us.
And if it doesn't Lord,
don't send us up from here.
Don't do it.
Lord.
We know we'll fell.
God, we're so dependent upon you.
So Lord, we're praying for wisdom
and direction in the days ahead for
our leadership Lord, we're praying
for each person in this room.
Lord, if they don't know you, that
they come to faith in you, Lord, that
they begin that relationship with you.
Lord.
If they already know you,
Lord, I pray that they lean in.
They take a next step in their faith.
God, you have so much more free each
person in this room, including me.
And I pray that we seek that every day
and then days ahead, or we trust you
because of your faithfulness in the
past, we trust you for your faithfulness.
And we trust you the faithfulness
and the days ahead, God, your good.
So Lord, we pray this in your hand.
My name.
Amen.
Let's stand and worship.